HSEARCH-3319 Type-safe field references / HSEARCH-5300 Annotation processor for the Search static metamodel (#4156)
hibernate/hibernate-search: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/public/reference/_static-metamodel-overview.adoc

// SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
// Copyright Red Hat Inc. and Hibernate Authors
[[static-metamodel-overview]]

> = Overview of the static metamodel

Author: @yrodiere this commit (https://github.com/hibernate/hibernate-search/pull/4156/commits/24465fae98c562209953d8fc5d2d4995ccdc575e) adds the docs 😃. only pinging you here so it'll be easier to find this change 😃 🙈

include::../components/_incubating-warning.adoc[]

The static metamodel class describes the index structure. Each indexed entity (index) is represented by a single class

> that may contain inner classes describing the embeddables (i.e. nested/flattened objects). These classes contain <<static-metamodel-processor-field-reference-types,field references>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that may contain inner classes describing object fields (e.g. from <<TODO LINK,indexed-embedded properties>>). These classes contain <<static-metamodel-processor-field-reference-types,field references>>
```
